## 2025 :: Brain dump

### Dec

### Nov

### Oct

### sep

### Aug

### July
- exp shared: asked tell that now can see **harness pipeline status on github desktop**
- **prod issue 3**
    - json response processing failed. type was int as per doc but received long value.
    - senior advised to change to Lonf type from int.
    - i advised bigint.
    - also did code analysis and found unwanted attribute, create backlog jira for 
- **generate wild card certificate** on oz.
    - easy to maintain/re-new
    - documented : **openssl**, **nomos**, import from aws region1 to region2 --> have to do manually/cli. no aws replication for ACM.
- **SACA** project -> swift alliance cloud adaptor
    - MT  topic1, MX topic2, on kafka
    - plain text message, no avro schema
    - 7 years retention on prod
    - follow topic name as per template
    - discussion on release date: dec2025, conflict with iso nov2025, wont be possible to do 2 parallel
    - also migrate along  comet, ois, saca, === 3 kafka parallel project
    - wrote common stack for all 3 three. design : use common okta id
    - shifting to Q1 2026
- production release : DR scripts validation post production for **new Model launch**
- **help e2e team to arrange latest's file from etl s3 file**
- **Prod-issue 2**: received blank file: Noise. requested app-4 upstream to handle.
- **app-4 (gtri)** : shared knowledge on kafka onboarding, 404 issue, network issue, conducktor UI, consumer group id and okta setup
- **offshore**
    - **ssl** on container vs local on kafka 
    - aws dva training
    - test plan to cover all areas.
- in senior absence, did **DB deployment**, attended with meeting with SACA, comet, OIS teams
- **taught Yubo to DB deployment** - showed her flyway work âœ”ï¸
- reviews new model fund launch script and working on deployment plan
- **business query**
    - T+2 | T+3
    - SNS alert failed (happened)
- Talked with engine team  to create new VPC (max 5)
- **Kafka bridge setup with COMET** âœ”ï¸
      -  collaborating with developer  on polland timezone.
      - explained him at high level about topic replilcation
      - he wsa not clear about next course of action.
      - took screenshot and showed him in **interactive way**
      - multiple scenario at org level.
      - asked him to check only scenario where we fit
      - IT 2 IT requests
  
### June
- **kafka**
    - kafka topic provision + read devHub
    - old : streamhub UI
    - issue from home, informed nerve center team. âœ”ï¸
    - poc project on kafka with SSL fix.
    - appraised offshore to fix, change JKS store format to PKS12.
    - conductor UI setup. asked offshore to use it for schema validation and dummy send.
    - created IAC and pipeline, taught offshore and asked them to other env. âœ”ï¸
    - updated IAC with env var DR deployment
    - refactor to use for all module
    - services  in java and python
- **ISO validation / observation**
- `collaborating` with ** mulesoft api to fast api ECS/ALB** âœ”ï¸
    - created release plan, going 2 weeks after them, to let things stabilize
    - fallback option, flag switch to switch back
    - follow up on prod url + okta setup
    - reviewing and validating  prop file.
- **Angular 17: brush up + signals** ðŸ“š
- **genAI poc** : prompt engineering + RAG ðŸ“š

### may
- **mulesoft migration to AWS fast api**
    - setup okta 
    - release management / collaborated with partner team
    - okta refresh API : updated
    - code : **token refresh was done in singleton bean** âœ”ï¸
    - **fixed 415** : content type was present twice âœ”ï¸
    - infer bean from properties | simplified by removing subclass âœ”ï¸
- **Swift ISO changes**
    - got access on developer tool - SWIFT sparing tool + translator
    - worked with Yov on FSR, to understand SWIFT/ISO translation flow.
- **Swift alliance cloud** :: designed workflow on confluence
    - channel certificate setup 
    - aws lambda to get access key 
    - read SWIFT API doc  + tried on postman
    - Created development JIRA designed API call  
    - sandbox and pilot environment setup


### april
- **Kafka kick off** : did training and brush up
    - Compared with KDS and AMK
    - Create notes/blogs 
    - **poc** : docker compose - ran locally apache kafka + SB project

### march
- **API gateway setup** | sourabh N âœ”ï¸
- ACM and lambda Authorizer
- **Transient gateway** | RAM
    - VPC link :: ALB > on-prem API

### feb
- IAM role expired after 15 min and impacting BATCH
- explicitly forcing connection pool connection in SB code to 15
- RBAC setup : Advised to setup method based authorization with scope | dynamic vulnerability

### jan

